/*
The following is a premise for the game Sage.
The goal was to provide a back story for those who want it and also provide enough freedom to create whatever you want in terms of a
sand-box, action RPG title.

Sage-WIP Game Premise. AvidAnimeFan V 1.0 Revision

In the realm of Hinderland there are 4 realms. 
These realms were constantly at war until one person became great obstacles to transcend their limitations as a human-
they became a sage. A pillar of power, wisdom and led the four kingdoms into an unprecedented era of relative peace. 
As is the way of the world however, peace rarely lasts...one day the sage disappeared, vanished from the corners of the 4.
Each suspected the other of the act and soon war was at the door for Hinderland as we know it.
However, strange things begin to occur. Mysterious vanishings, people found in strange, unnatural ways, lifeless.
Rumors were of nightmares, things children were afraid of-ghouls, night marish creatures called Beastmen- and even worse, Youkai.

Within a matter of months these mysterious disappearances and rashes of unexplained violence were a daily occurance and soon,
it was a matter of fact to be inside before the fall of the moon-for fear of the unexplained. 
There was a lull in the violent happenings,and for a time all the realms wished for was the return of the Sage-but then,
suddenly the attack began.

They came in waves, pouring out of foul portals of evil black magic-the nightmares.
All manner of creatures, their only delight to torment and torture humans.
Innumerable in number, the two southern kingdoms fell in 3 days- the remaining two waged a  valiant but ever waning offense. 
There was but one glimmer of hope-Disciples. Before the Sage's untimely disappearance - they hand picked students from 
all across the realms to undergo a test. These children who passed were said to exhibit the abilities to become a true sage.
A sage's power comes from the ability to slowly unlock the mind's fullest potential and tap into the power of the soul.

A sage has great power, the ability to form weapons based on the power of one's soul.
Soul magic, a magic that can do nearly anything and be nearly anything due to it's formless and limitless nature.
The sage's goal was to train those children in the ways of Sageship, to be peacemakers, to be scholars, to be warriors -
to lead. The two kingdoms banned together in the face of certain destruction and erected a great wall to keep the nightmares
at bay. Lives lost counted easily into the hundreds of thousands-all to give the children time to grow in their abilities.

You play the role of a disciple, who has just awakened your latent Sage abilities-who must enter this world fraught with mystery and danger. Your task? Save the world to save yourself and those you love. And so a new tale is written...
Be the strength. Be the wisdom. Be the light.
-Sage
*/
